README.md, before:

bridger
=======

A bytecode mangler for creating your own synthetic bridge methods, which allows more dramatic source code changes while still maintaining binary compatibility.  And probably some other ugly tricks too.

Usage: Source code
------------------
In your Java source, create your bridge methods with `$$bridge` in the name.  Everything before the `$$bridge` is retained, everything including and after it is discarded.  The methods will additionally be tagged as `ACC_BRIDGE` and `ACC_SYNTHETIC`.

If you add the `@hidden` tag (available since Java 9) to the method's JavaDoc comment, it will not show up in rendered documentation for the class.

Usage: Maven
------------
Add a snippet like this to your pom.xml:

    <build>
        <plugins>
            <plugin>
                <groupId>org.jboss.bridger</groupId>
                <artifactId>bridger</artifactId>
                <version>1.6.Final</version>
                <executions>
                    <!-- run after "compile", runs bridger on main classes -->
                    <execution>
                        <id>weave</id>
                        <phase>process-classes</phase>
                        <goals>
                            <goal>transform</goal>
                        </goals>
                    </execution>
                    <!-- run after "test-compile", runs bridger on test classes -->
                    <execution>
                        <id>weave-tests</id>
                        <phase>process-test-classes</phase>
                        <goals>
                            <goal>transform</goal>
                        </goals>
                        <configuration>
                            <outputDirectory>${project.build.testOutputDirectory}</outputDirectory>
                        </configuration>
                    </execution>
                </executions>
            </plugin>
        </plugins>
    </build>

_Note that a separate execution is needed if you want your test classes to be transformed._

Usage: Command Line
-------------------
Execute like this:

    java -classpath path/to/bridger.jar:path/to/asm-6.0.jar org.jboss.bridger.Bridger path/of/class/files/

The class files will be transformed in place.

Commit message:

Add the ability from command line to transform individual methods.
This facility is available regardless of the method name, and instead
accepts the method name and descriptor as command line values. Only
one method at a time is accepted, but can be run multiple times.

README.md, after:

bridger
=======

A bytecode mangler for creating your own synthetic bridge methods, which allows more dramatic source code changes while still maintaining binary compatibility.  And probably some other ugly tricks too.

Usage: Source code
------------------
In your Java source, create your bridge methods with `$$bridge` in the name.  Everything before the `$$bridge` is retained, everything including and after it is discarded.  The methods will additionally be tagged as `ACC_BRIDGE` and `ACC_SYNTHETIC`.

If you add the `@hidden` tag (available since Java 9) to the method's JavaDoc comment, it will not show up in rendered documentation for the class.

Usage: Maven
------------
Add a snippet like this to your pom.xml:

    <build>
        <plugins>
            <plugin>
                <groupId>org.jboss.bridger</groupId>
                <artifactId>bridger</artifactId>
                <version>1.6.Final</version>
                <executions>
                    <!-- run after "compile", runs bridger on main classes -->
                    <execution>
                        <id>weave</id>
                        <phase>process-classes</phase>
                        <goals>
                            <goal>transform</goal>
                        </goals>
                    </execution>
                    <!-- run after "test-compile", runs bridger on test classes -->
                    <execution>
                        <id>weave-tests</id>
                        <phase>process-test-classes</phase>
                        <goals>
                            <goal>transform</goal>
                        </goals>
                        <configuration>
                            <outputDirectory>${project.build.testOutputDirectory}</outputDirectory>
                        </configuration>
                    </execution>
                </executions>
            </plugin>
        </plugins>
    </build>

_Note that a separate execution is needed if you want your test classes to be transformed._

Usage: Command Line
-------------------
Execute like this:

    java -classpath path/to/bridger.jar:path/to/asm-6.0.jar org.jboss.bridger.Bridger path/of/class/files/

You can also perform single method transforms on any given method like this:

    java -classpath path/to/bridger.jar:path/to/asm-6.0.jar org.jboss.bridger.Bridger --single-transform path/to/class/file.class methodName [methodDescriptor]

Using this mechanism, the method does not need to have $$bridge in the name. This bridges all overloads of the method with this name, unless the descriptor is provided.
Note that this uses JVM method descriptor notation, so a method such as `void method(String s, int i)` would
have the descriptor `(Ljava/lang/String;I)V`. This can be obtained by for instance using `javap -s` on the class file.

The class files will be transformed in place.
